Dad, why did you suddenly ask me to invite Song Yang?
Come home to eat
Humph you
What is the situation with Song Yang's company?
You have no idea what happened to his company
Hey, come and see
How is that possible?
This Song Yang is a talent
His new energy vehicle has been on the market for less than a month
It actually set a profit of 1 billion
This input-output ratio
It's intentional with our history group
It's still a small company on the verge of bankruptcy
If it is our Ritchie Group
A company of this size
Run in his hands
That person has a promising future.
So our Li family must be good friends
It just so happens that you have reached the age of a female head again
Komatsu will come later.
I'll ask him what he means.
Dad hahaha
Mr. Song, please come inside
Hey, Komatsu is here.
Hahahahaha
Come come come come
Take your seat, take your seat
Li Lang, what are you doing?
Xiao Song, I see the achievements of your company
Does this prove that I'm not wrong about the person?
Li Lao, you are too kind
Without your help
How can I have my today, so good
Come sit sit sit sit
Hey, hahaha, little Song Zi
It's not easy for you to take your daughter alone
Are you thinking of remarrying?